added short paragraph in docs on the dangers of deleting vertices (#179)
JuliaGraphs/Graphs.jl: docs/src/first_steps/access.md

- `src(e)` gives the source vertex `s` of an edge `(s, d)`.
- `dst(e)` gives the destination vertex `d` of an edge `(s, d)`.
- `reverse(e)` creates a new edge `(d, s)` from edge `(s, d)`.

## Persistence of vertex indices
Adding a vertex to the graph with `add_vertex!(g)` adds it (if successful) to the end of the "vertex-list". Therefore, it is possible to access the index of the recently added vertex by using `nv(g)`:
```julia-repl
julia> g = SimpleGraph(10)
{10, 0} undirected simple Int64 graph

julia> add_vertex!(g)
true

julia> last_added_vertex = nv(g)
11
```

> Note that this index is NOT persistent if nodes added earlier are removed. In this case, the last index of the last node (`nv(g)`) is reassigned to the index recently deleted. As edges are often indexed by vertex indices, one has to be careful when working with edges indexed by nodes as well. An edge added as `add_edge!(g, 3, 11)` can not be expected to always pass the `has_edge(g, 3, 11)` check:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this index is NOT persistent if vertices added earlier are removed. When `rem_vertex!(g, v)` is called, `v` is "switched" with the last vertex before being deleted. As edges are identified by vertex indices, one has to be careful with edges as well. An edge added as `add_edge!(g, 3, 11)` can not be expected to always pass the `has_edge(g, 3, 11)` check:
```
